capital = 202 #Kiev

oob = "UKR"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	set_technology = {
		iw_small_airframe = 1
		aa_lmg = 1
		engines_1 = 1
		early_bombs = 1
	}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			CAS1 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
  limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
  set_technology = {
    gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
  }
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			gwtank = 1
			basic_light_tank = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 25
set_stability = 0.56
set_war_support = 0.20


add_ideas = {
	party_pop_0_30
	UKR_famine_spook
	UKR_language_problem
	
	parliamentary_republic
}

set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_democrat
	last_election = "1935.9.8"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
  vanguardist = 0
  collectivist = 3
  libertarian_socialist = 2
  social_democrat = 38
  social_liberal = 0
  market_liberal = 31
  social_conservative = 0
  authoritarian_democrat = 0
  paternal_autocrat = 4
  national_populist = 22
  valkist = 0
}

country_event = { id = ukraine.47 days = 98 }

recruit_character = UKR_The_Central_Committee
recruit_character = UKR_Andriy_Livytskyi
recruit_character = UKR_Serhij_Jefremov
recruit_character = UKR_Serhiy_Ostapenko
recruit_character = UKR_Oleksander_Shulhyn
recruit_character = UKR_Pavlo_Skoropadskyi
recruit_character = UKR_Ivan_Chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Dmitri_Dontsov
recruit_character = UKR_Volodymyr_Shayan
recruit_character = UKR_Semen_Goruk
recruit_character = UKR_Mykola_Kapustiansky
recruit_character = UKR_Arnold_Wolf
recruit_character = UKR_Vasyl_Dmytrovych_Bilinchak
recruit_character = UKR_Dmytro_Bilinchuck
recruit_character = UKR_Dmytro_Vitivsky
recruit_character = UKR_Osyp_Bukszovanyj
recruit_character = UKR_Ivan_Kedulich
recruit_character = UKR_Sergii_Sydorenko
recruit_character = UKR_Svatoslav_Shramenko
recruit_character = UKR_Volodimir_Savchenco_Bilinskii
recruit_character = UKR_Oleksander_Shumsky
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Vynnychenko
recruit_character = UKR_Andrey_Livytskyi
recruit_character = UKR_Boris_Martos
recruit_character = UKR_Mikhail_Bulgakov
recruit_character = UKR_Nikolai_Boretsky
recruit_character = UKR_Patriarch_Mstyslav
recruit_character = UKR_Vyacheslav_Prokopovich
recruit_character = UKR_Pavlo_Skoropadsky
recruit_character = UKR_Vlas_Chubar
recruit_character = UKR_Grigori_Sokolnikov
recruit_character = UKR_Nikolai_Skrypnik
recruit_character = UKR_Alexander_Shulgin
recruit_character = UKR_Konstantin_Prisovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Yuri_Lipa
recruit_character = UKR_Dmitri_Doroshenko
recruit_character = UKR_Mikola_Lebed
recruit_character = UKR_Grigorij_Petrovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Panas_P_Lyubchenko
recruit_character = UKR_Yuri_Kotsiubinsky
recruit_character = UKR_Nikolai_Shrag
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Tarnovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Kirill_Osmak
recruit_character = UKR_Sergei_Ostapenko
recruit_character = UKR_Mikola_Stsiborsky
recruit_character = UKR_Emanoil_Kviring
recruit_character = UKR_Leonid_Melnikov
recruit_character = UKR_Khrystian_G_Rakovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Antonov_Ovseyenko
recruit_character = UKR_Ivan_Feshenko_Chopovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Daniil_Skoropadsky
recruit_character = UKR_Igor_Kistyakovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Chekhovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Khitrovo
recruit_character = UKR_Sergei_Kubiyovich
recruit_character = UKR_Mikhaylo_Kolodzinsky
recruit_character = UKR_Vitaly_Primakov
recruit_character = UKR_Emelian_Volokh
recruit_character = UKR_Sydor_Kovpak
recruit_character = UKR_Mikhail_Omelianovych_Pavlenko
recruit_character = UKR_Vsevolod_Petrov
recruit_character = UKR_Yan_Gamarnik
recruit_character = UKR_Veniamin_Ruvinski
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Salski
recruit_character = UKR_Vladislav_Dashkevich_Gorbatsky
recruit_character = UKR_Alexander_Dolgorukov
recruit_character = UKR_Pavlo_Shandruk
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Sinkler
recruit_character = UKR_Taras_Bulba_Borovets
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Sikevich
recruit_character = UKR_Roman_Shukhevich
recruit_character = UKR_Ivan_Isakov
recruit_character = UKR_Sergei_Gorshkov
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Pilipenko
recruit_character = UKR_Andrey_Pokrovsky
recruit_character = UKR_Nikolai_Maximov
recruit_character = UKR_Vladimir_Savchenko_Belski
recruit_character = UKR_Grigori_Shtern
recruit_character = UKR_Vyacheslav_Tkachev
recruit_character = UKR_Stanislav_Kosior
recruit_character = UKR_Nikita_Khruschev
recruit_character = UKR_Nestor_Makhno
